# **DoonvHelper:tm:** v0.3.2

NPCs/Enemies are *(almost)* finished!  (See [coding_requests⁠ > Enemies > msg](#the-message) if wanna know what was done).

## The message

Enemy requests list updated:

- Tied enemies They fly towards you but only until reaching certain distance from their origin. They can go through solids. 3️⃣ ✅

- Killable option. You could kill enemies for example with Xaphan bombs or making them fall into certain hazards. The next two items in the list are part of this.

- Bounceable: you can bounce on them and they will lose a point of health every time they are bounced. They kill you if you don't touch them from the top. You regain your dash after bouncing on them. 1️⃣ ✅

- Dashable: you can dash onto them and they will bounce you a bit, or alternatively you just dash through them because they aren't solids. Anyways, you should be able to not be colliding with them when the dash state ends. They will lose a health point each time they are dashed. 4️⃣✅

- Water enemy compatibility. They should also check for Xaphan's liquids besides vanilla water. I can't use them until this is done. 1️⃣ ✅

- Wander types should be able to jump when they detect a solid in front of them too, so they don't get stuck. 2️⃣ ✅

- Bullets from shooting enemies can face towards player. All non-circular bullets (example: feathers from harpies) look a bit weird because they're not pointing towards the player. 3️⃣ ✅

- SetFlagOnEntityCounter. A controller (or trigger or whatever) that checks that there aren't any enemies in the room. If that is true, it sets a flag. This would allow me to force the player to get rid of them in order to progress. 2️⃣✅

Numbers indicate priority, being 1 the highest and 5 the lowest.
